=head1 NAME

gdrive-sync - A simple script for version controlled local Google Drive backups.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

=over 4

=item B<gdrive-sync> [F<options>]

=back

=head1 DESCRIPTION

gdrive-sync is a script that glues together B<google-drive-ocamlfuse>, B<rsync>,
and B<git> into a utility for version controlled local Google Drive backups.

gdrive-sync can be called manually, or used with a job scheduler like B<cron>
for regular offline backups.

=head1 OPTIONS

gdrive-sync supports several options, some of which must be either defined in a
config file or passed as command line arguments.

=head2 Configuration File

Unless an alternate configuration file is explicitly specified with the
C<--config> option, gdrive-sync uses the file called F<.gdsconfig> in the user's
home directory if it exists.  This configuration file is run as a Bash script,
which allows for a somewhat dynamic configuration process.  For an example
configuration file, see F<@sysconfdir@/gdsconfig>.

=head2 Command-line Options

=over 4

=item B<-c=>F<FILE>, B<--config=>F<FILE>

Use F<FILE> as the configuration file.

=item B<-s=>F<DIR>, B<--src=>F<DIR>

Mandatory.  Use F<DIR> as the source directory.  Config file option F<src_dir>.

=item B<-d=>F<DEST>, B<--dest=>F<DEST>

Mandatory.  Use F<DIR> as the destination directory.  Config file option
F<dest_dir>.

=item B<--sync-dir-name=>F<DIR>

Use F<DIR> as the sync directory.  Sync directory is the directory within the
destination directory to which files are actually synced.  Defaults to F<sync>.
Config file option F<sync_dir_name>.

=item B<--sync-commit-message=>F<MESSAGE>

Append F<MESSAGE> to each automatically generated commit, following the
timestamp.  Defaults to F<gdrive-sync>.  Config file option
F<sync_commit_message>.

=item B<--mount-label=>F<LABEL>

Call google-drive-ocamlfuse with F<LABEL> as account label.  Defaults to no
label.  Config file option F<default_mount_label>.

=item B<--no-delete>

Do not delete any files on sync.  Config file option F<no_delete>.

=item B<-q>, B<--quiet>

Suppress all output.  Overrides B<--verbose>.  Config file option F<quiet_mode>.

=item B<-v>, B<--verbose>

Issue the most output.  Config file option F<verbose_mode>.

=item B<--no-mount>

Assume the source directory is not a mount point and/or that it already contains
the files we want to sync.  Use this if you keep your drive mounted or if, for
some reason, you do not want to call B<google-drive-ocamlfuse>.  Config file
option F<no_mount>.

=item B<--no-colors>

No colored output.  Use this if you would prefer not to have colored output.
Terminals that do not support colored output automatically do not get it
regardless of whether this option is set.  Config file option F<no_colors>.

=item B<--no-create>

Do not create any new directories.  This will cause gdrive-sync to fail if the
source, destination, or sync directory is missing.  Config file option
F<no_create>.

=item B<-h>, B<--help>

Display program usage information.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Shawn M. Chapla - L<@PACKAGE_URL@>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2018 Shawn M. Chapla.

License GPLv2+: GNU GPL version 2 or later L<https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.  This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.  There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<google-drive-ocamlfuse>(1), B<rsync>(1), B<git>(1)

=cut

